Total of 577 students volunteered to complete ASRS sample.  Randomly selected a pool of 32 Control and 29 ADHD for sequencing.  All agreed to the original request.

Participants received an omnigene-Gut OMR-200 stool sample collection kit and were instructed on how to self-collect and return their fecal samples. Samples were, on average, returned within 3 days (SD = 2.48). Fecal samples were sent to Zymo Research for microbiome analysis. For each sample, 200 μL of vortexed fecal sample solution was taken from the OMNIgene Gut Collection Tube and extracted with the ZymoBIOMICS DNA Mini kit (Zymo Research, CA, US) according to the manufacturer’s protocol. A negative control of DNA extraction process was performed together with the actual samples. Real time PCR quantification showed that the negative control has a high Ct value (>37 cycles), indicating that the DNA extraction process carries low bioburden. 

Bacterial 16S ribosomal RNA gene targeted sequencing was performed. The general bacterial 16S primers used were 341f (CCTACGGGNGGCWGCAG) and 805r (GACTACHVGGGTATCTAATCC), which amplified the v3-4 region of the 16S rRNA gene. The sequencing library was prepared by following a published protocol (Kozich et al., 2013) with some modifications to prevent PCR chimera formation: the number of PCR cycles was carefully controlled for each sample so that each individual reaction did not overrun. The amplicon libraries were cleaned up with Zymo’s Select-a-Size DNA Clean & ConcentratorTM (>200 fragments were kept), quantified with TapeStation, normalized and pooled together. The final library was quantified with quantitative PCR and sequenced on Illumina MiSeq with v2 reagent kit (500 cycles). The sequencing was performed with >10% PhiX mix and in paired-end mode. 
Zymo Research Metagenomic Service ReportBasic Metagenomic Analysis Pipeline 
Raw sequence reads were trimmed with Trimmomatic-0.33 (Bolger et al., 2014). The two paired-end reads in each pair were assembled to construct a complete amplicon sequence with SeqPrep (https://github.com/jstjohn/SeqPrep). Chimeric amplicon sequences were identified and removed with Usearch (v. 6.1) (Edgar et al., 2011) in ref mode against a curated database (http://drive5.com/uchime/rdp_gold.fa). Amplicon sequences smaller than 320 bp were removed. For each sample, up to 50,000 sequences were randomly sampled to reduce potential bias caused by uneven sampling. These amplicon sequences were compiled, clustered and analyzed with Qiime 1.9.1 (Caporaso et al., 2010). OTUs were picked by the workflow of pick_open_reference_otus.py using GreenGene database (gg_13_8) as reference database. Singleton OTUs were removed. Composition barcharts were generated with the workflow of summarize_taxa_through_plots.py. Alpha- and beta-diversity analyses were performed with the workflow of core_diversity_analyses.py with default settings. Taxa abundance heatmaps with hierarchical clustering of taxa and samples were prepared with an in-house python script. 

